Baguette
===================
_makes 3 loaves, about 4 hours on and off_

### Ingredients

    1½ cup warm water (115°F)
    1 tsp active dry yeast
    3¼ cups all-purpose flour
    1½ tsp kosher salt
    Canola oil for greasing bowl
    ½ cup ice cubes

### Directions

Whisk together water and yeast in a large bowl; let sit until yeast is foamy, 
about 10 minutes. Add flour, and stir with a fork until dough forms and all
flour is absorbed; let dough sit to allow flour to hydrate, about 20 minutes. 
Add salt; transfer dough to a lightly floured work surface, and knead until
smooth and elastic, about 10 minutes. Transfer dough ball to a lightly greased
bowl; cover bowl with plastic wrap, and place bowl in a cold oven. Let dough
rest until doubled in size, about 45 minutes.

Transfer dough to a lightly floured work surface, and shape into an 8″ x 6″
rectangle. Fold the 8″ sides toward the middle (Figure B), then fold the shorter
sides toward the center. Return dough, seam side down, to bowl. Cover with
plastic again, and return to oven; let sit until doubled in size, about 1 hour.

Remove bowl with dough from oven, and place a cast–iron skillet on the bottom
rack of oven; position another rack above skillet, and place a baking stone on
it.

Heat oven to 475°F. Transfer dough to a lightly floured work surface, and cut
into three equal pieces; shape each piece into a 14″ rope (Figure C). Flour a
sheet of parchment paper on a rimless baking sheet; place ropes, evenly spaced,
on paper. Lift paper between ropes to form pleats; place two tightly rolled
kitchen towels under long edges of paper, creating supports for the loaves.
Cover loosely with plastic wrap; let sit until it doubles in size, about 50
minutes.

Uncover; remove towels, and flatten paper to space out loaves. Using a sharp
razor or paring knife, slash the top of each baguette at a 30–degree angle in
four spots (Figure D); each slash should be about 4″ long. Using the corner of
the parchment paper as a guide, slide the loaves, still on the parchment paper,
onto the baking stone. Place ice cubes in skillet (this produces steam that lets
the loaves rise fully before a crust forms). Bake the baguettes until darkly
browned and crisp, about 30 minutes; cool before serving.

[source](https://www.saveur.com/article/Recipes/Four-Hour-Baguette#page-2)